fix(remix-dev/vite): use `ssrEmitAssets` to support assets referenced by server-only code (#7892)
remix-run/remix: .changeset/tricky-frogs-film.md

---
"@remix-run/dev": patch
---

> fix(vite): emit asset files references only by server-only file

Author: Let me fix up my own typo...

```suggestion
fix(vite): emit asset files referenced only by server-only file
```

> fix(vite): emit asset files referenced only by server-only file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emit assets that were only referenced in the server build into the client assets directory in Vite build
```
